h1. Vim

It is recommended that you use "gVim":http://www.vim.org/download.php#pc in either Windows or Linux and "MacVim":https://github.com/b4winckler/macvim/downloads for Mac.

h1. Bundled Plugins

* "Ack":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2572 - type :Ack [search pattern] to search your entire project
* "bufexplorer":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=42 - manage your file buffers
* "camelcasemotion":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1905 - motions that help navigate CamelCased text
* "coffee-script":https://github.com/kchmck/vim-coffee-script - syntax highlight for Coffee Script
* "Command-T":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=3025 - the fastest and most intuitive way for opening files in your project
* "cucumber":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2973 - support for cucumber features such as syntax highlight, indentation, etc
* "endwise":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2386 - support to close Ruby blocks such as 'if', 'do' with 'end'
* "fugitive":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2975 - support for Git, adding convenient commands such as :Gstatus, :Gread, :Gmove
* "gundo":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=3304 - visualizes undo tree
* "haml":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1773 - syntax highlight for HAML
* "html5.vim":https://github.com/othree/html5.vim - omnicomplete function and syntax for HTML5
* "jquery":https://github.com/itspriddle/vim-jquery - Vim syntax file to add some colorations for jQuery keywords and css selectors
* "less":https://github.com/groenewege/vim-less - syntax highlight for Less
* "markdown":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1242 - syntax highlight for Markdown
* "NERD_commenter":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1218 - support to comment lines of code
* "pathogen":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2332 - the magic souce that makes it super easy to install plugins
* "preview":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=3344 - [leader] P previews Markdown, Rdoc, Textile, html. Requires Ruby and other gems.
* "rails":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1567 - lot's of tools to make it easier to manage your Rails projects
* "ruby":https://github.com/vim-ruby/vim-ruby/wiki - syntax highlight, smart identation, auto-complete for Ruby
* "ruby-sinatra":https://github.com/hallison/vim-ruby-sinatra - syntax highlight for Sinatra
* "securemodelines":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1876 - makes it harder to do something unsecure with modeline
* "snipmate":https://github.com/akitaonrails/snipmate.vim - support for textmate-like snippets for several languages
* "supertab":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1643 - pseudo auto-complete with tab
* "surround":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1697 - add, change, remove surrounding parentheses, brackets, quotes, etc
* "syntastic":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2736 - checks for syntax errors in many languages
* "textile":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2305 - syntax highlight for Textile
* "textobj-rubyblock":http://vimcasts.org/blog/2010/12/a-text-object-for-ruby-blocks/ - smart block selection in Ruby code
* "yankring":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1234 - maintains a history of yanks and deletes. History can be shared between multiple instances of vim.

h1. Usage

Clone this repo into your home directory either as .vim (linux/mac) or
vimfiles (Windows). Such as:

<pre><code>
git clone --recursive git://github.com/akitaonrails/vimfiles.git ~/.vim
</pre></code>

Now you should create a new <tt>.vimrc</tt> file in your home directory that
loads the pre-configured one that comes bundled in this package. You can do it
on Linux/Mac like this:

<pre><code>
echo "source ~/.vim/vimrc" > ~/.vimrc
</code></pre>

On Windows you should create a <tt>_vimrc</tt> (underline instead of dot) and add
the following line inside:

<pre><code>
source ~/vimfiles/vimrc
</code></pre>

This way you can override the default configuration by adding your own inside
this file.

h2. Dependencies

You will need these dependencies figured out:

* Ruby (for the fuzzy finder plugin)
* Ncurses-term (in Linux only)

In Ubuntu, for example, you will have to do:

<pre><code>
apt-get install ncurses-term
</code></pre>

Mac OS X and most Linux distros come with Ruby already. If you're in Windows
look for Luis Lavena's latest Ruby Installer (http://rubyforge.org/projects/rubyinstaller/)

h2. Command-T

You may have problems because Command-T requires a native
extension, so you will have to do this:

<pre><code>
rvm use system # use this line if using rvm
cd ~/.vim/bundle/Command-T/ruby/command-t
ruby extconf.rb
make
</code></pre>

h2. Learn Vim

Visit the following sites to learn more about Vim:

* "Vimcasts":http://vimcasts.org
* "Derek Wyatt's videos":http://www.derekwyatt.org/vim/vim-tutorial-videos/
* "VimGolf":http://vimgolf.com/

h2. Credits

* Original project and most of the heavy lifting: @scrooloose
* All the cool plugins for Rails, Cucumber and more: @timpope
* Great Command-T plugin by: Wincent
* Hacks and some snippets: @akitaonrails
